well howdy there internet people its Bo
again people are mad about how I'm using
Elf on the Shelf to address social
issues and see them the shares of the
Facebook post I can read the comment
sections and it's funny to me because it
comes on the heels of that feminism
video and everybody's saying that one of
the reasons everybody's mad at feminists
is because they inject themselves in
comic books and address social issues
okay so let's talk about comic books
tonight that seems weird
I didn't read many when I was a kid and
the only two I read with any regularity
were Punisher and GI Joe go figure
and if there are two comic books that
are completely masculine themed and have
absolutely no room for social issues or
feminism it's those two what's Punisher
about right now somebody said well it's
a guy whose family gets murdered and
then he goes on the warpath looking for
vengeance and punishing criminals it's
one way to look at it another way is
that he's a vet from Vietnam comes back
he suffered the trauma of war all he
wants to do is spend time with his
family they get gunned down so he
suffers another trauma so he goes to
what he knows it's almost like the
entire series is actually about how
certain types of trauma elicit patterns
of behavior that can't be turned off
that's really I mean that would
especially be true if like that
character had some severe psychological
issues nightmares stuff like that
throughout the entire series
it's almost like that comic is about
PTSD or other kinds of trauma
what about GI Joe uh who's the hit it
was the only competent person on the
Cobra side Baroness the female what
about the women in GI Joe and on the
good guy side all pretty strong women
right don't find a lot of weak women
there feminism is actually a very strong
undercurrent in it extremely strong and
they address social issues throughout
the entire series and it's funny you
know because in the 80s there was the
cartoon that everybody watched a lot of
people write it off as cold war
propaganda and if you pay attention
those writers extremely
anti-establishment Cobra worked with
indigenous groups accepted people of all
ethnicities every socio-economic class
from the white trash in the swamps of
Louisiana to the European aristocracy
their goals included stuff like ending
the Federal Reserve embracing renewable
energy they embrace the science of all
kinds they actually used the bad guys to
address a lot of social issues
in the cartoon and then the reboot GI
Joe renegades the GI Joe team is now
outlaws because the legal system has
failed and their opponent Cobra is now
no longer a terrorist organization it's
a defense contracting firm if you pay
attention that's Halliburton always
addressing social issues
what about x-men I never read it with
any kind of regularity but I know enough
about it to know that the civil rights
of the mutants are central to the plot
so much so that there's a lot of people
that think it's an allegory for being
gay and that there's another group of
people who've AIDS an allegory for the
American civil rights movement because
there was the group that went just to be
militant in a group that wants to play
within the rules I I don't see why I
couldn't be both but I haven't read I
don't know the details to the story what
about the granddaddy of them all
Superman the refugee alien living under
a false identity taken at an American
job
those two the theories of the time that
immigrants were the bravest and boldest
of their village they were people that
would not sell for a substandard life
and would risk everything in the pursuit
of freedom and opportunity and that they
made the country better yeah guys social
issues have always been in comics
you were just too dense to catch it it's
always been there the reason you're
noticing now is because the social
issues being addressed are striking at
the heart of the comic-book industry's
core audience which is white males you
know if you have a perimeter privilege
for so long you start to lose it feels
like oppression it's not there is no
tyrannical feminist regime coming for
you yeah I'm using Elf on the Shelf in a
way that I'm certain the creator's did
not intend that is true but at the same
time the responses I love it cracks me
up
you guys you come to the page and y'all
are all internet tough guys I would stay
and fix my country I'd fight the gangs
meanwhile you're having a mental
breakdown over two plastic characters
because suddenly they're named those two
characters are now more human than the
actual humans who are going through this
down at the border because you can't
simply write them off as illegals
that in itself is social commentary
about the state of this country two
chunks of plastic have had more of an
impact than the actual stories of people
who under went through who went through
some pretty horrible things and now
here's the part where this is gonna get
really messed up Libertad and Esperanza
that's a true story
there's obviously been some changes
their names and the inciting incident
that that's changed but this this is
more or less a very true story this is
what happens on a daily basis anyway
it's just a fault
y'all have a good night